Glyph's mind flutters through various possibilities of response, his hand now gripping the handlebar with vein-popping intensity. He stammers, "Can you just t-t-t-tell me what's going on?"

"Did I not?" Arieol leans back, " I thought I had? Is it possible to fail to convey what's going on? Isn't any communication, whatever it may be—cries of an infant, joyful signs you let out after a long day's work, the tangled exclamatory anger of wronged lovers locked in battle, screams of all the sirens in the world that ever were, all at once, leading you to your inevitable demise—doesn't all of it, any of it, as a process, convey what's going on?

"And in such a way of seeing, the sender or the receiver can mix up completely, can't they? It's funny. Couriers such as myself would no longer need to be shot in such a state of affairs, eh? One could even say equality, or at least self-similarity, is achieved in such a system of mirroring. But I suppose I could be more specific couldn't I?

"But wait? Didn't I already tell you that you're to be investigating me for the murder of Oren Progresso, of which I'm innocent? Oh, yes, we'd been discussing the absurdity of that idea, hadn't we? The mixing up of the principal and the investigator, sender and receiver, as it's often known, the monologic and the dialogic. Glyph, if you're to survive this strange story which you seem to've found yourself wandering through, then you're going to have to accept a certain amount of non-linearity. I know that certain elite classes tend to use fear as an establishing device, but you get to decide what to do with that fear. You can either speak up and testify, or choose to remain silent, and I'm fairly certain within this dialogue of ours, your chance to speak has always been a part of the conversation, at least if you join in. The microphone is yours, so have at it!"