Again, Arieol wears another of their many sly and mischievous expressions. Clearly the costume department which provides such diversity to this singular article of their performance has quite the intimidating budget, and hopefully Oren Progresso won't get a chance to cut it down just yet. They may be attempting to show Glyph something rather than telling it to him, though clearly, as can be seen, such non-linear forms of communication have their own limitations.

The train lurches forward into a darkness punctuated by pale blue light. It screeches left, passing orange staccatos of mining lights spotted here and there like dying fireflies holding onto one last breath. They pass a stage of stalactites to their right, those organal knives conjured out of all those dripping eons. Glyph, full of such monumental terror, fails to consider how, with all those repeated drippings to moisten out such frothing columns, surely such formations have also gone insane long ago, and yet they contain such cylindrical beauty, such a verticality and confidence of being. They are sculptures themselves created by much stranger and slower processes than any of us could ever enact. Maybe it's this slowness which houses the spirits themselves, and maybe it's their speed in that lonesome locomotive that's draining itself towards the sky that's always causing nature to lash back out at them, to accelerate the dripping process even further, to begin to erode the strength of themselves at even higher intensities, as they continue through The Tunnel, the opening portion of the ride. Their arrow pointed north, to turn back now would be a safety hazard, a pillar of salt, and not one just conjured by the disastrous anger of nature, but by their own fearful stupidity, which they'll have to keep in check, and Arieol knows this all too well after going through what Glyph's gone through many, many times themselves, even within other sections of the novel to come—