And voices come to him.

Their words secrete like poisons through the pores of the queue line's entertainments, all the artifacts and data he's had centuries to walk through and collect, to consume, to thrust into the heaping mass of his over-gorged stomach that's ever about to burst, and there's also the sound of a voice echoing through that he can hear especially loudly, still forcing itself into him, to chatter alongside the many words that make up this dwelling place which he wanders through, the details.

The distant chug and whistle of a locomotive screams out to nothing as Arieol continues their chatterering.

"Glyph, let's lay down the facts. You're a detective, hired by Shamrock Stillman to investigate the case of Oren Progresso. Progresso's the CEO of this whole place who hasn't been seen or heard of in quite some time, supposedly. Some think he's gone reclusive. Others suspect foul play has occurred. A good deal suggest that he's a product of the times, that he's isolated himself, made that classic Gibseyan inner turn, and not the kind where you descend the base depths of the mine to bring back rivers of gold, the kind where you descend and wallow, where you fail to notice the ride around you, the brightly painted theming, the signs and structures, the design, the many of thousands, if not millions and billions, of decisions that are piled up so high their towers become vertical, so vertical that they go horizontal, and then vertical again, this time right-side up, and at a certain point most of us are going to lose track of the direction where it's all headed anyway, and so we just accept that that's all the meaning it can have, things are how they are, and they've always been this way, but that's never ever how it's ever actually been, is it?