"And they thought we should limit them-words, I mean-that they would always get in our way, that they were nothing but a sea of confusion, that they created an excess of meaning so great that it would always be too much for us to bear, that its growth served as a threat to our way of life, that language itself had to be continually pruned like a tree sculpture, like it was a Fabergé egg that had already been painted, that it had an expiration date and would eventually need to be thrown out, that it was like brushing your teeth, or like flossing, that it had to be continually maintained, that it couldn't be trusted to regulate itself and something had to be done, that it grew like hair follicles, so it would need to be snipped with scissors every few months by a trained professional.

"Of course this wasn't what they said to me about it exactly, word-for-word. I'll admit that I'm probably adding in some emotional filler of my own, here and there, but isn't that a nefarious conspiracy to consider? To limit language rather than broadening it? And not to do so by accident either, but to purposefully do so? And I'm sorry to use the word 'reality' here, but who would ever want to choose to limit reality? It would be like building a ride with a height limit either so low, it would make no sense to approach it, or so high up that no one would be allowed to ride it to begin with. Maybe all with the purpose of being the only one who was allowed to ride the ride to begin with? It depresses me to even talk about, Glyph!