"So you have the human, right? This supposedly singularly conscious individual who's searching for the singularity, right? But what happens if you bastardize that sucker into a machine, an animal, a fallen angel? What happens then? Well, the one becomes two, and then the two become three, and then you add those two together to get five, and then, the funny thing is, when you then add that five together back with the three-Holy Toledo, Holy Moses would-ya-look-at-that! We got ourselves some sorta sequence like something straight outta Fib-o-Nacci Magazine, by golly!"

Painted facades, saloon doors, and even a faux jail cell blur past as the cart picks up speed.

"And so doncha see Glyph? There never really was any separation, ever. Just spooky actions at a distance striking matches against one another forever almost like they're every sports team ever and they're gettin' together for one final Mega-Ultra-Super-Bowl-O-Thon to be held and crashed forever inside the great ass crack of Malt Gibsey himself, the ass of which itself has a population wider than that of the wider collectives of all Chinas, Indias, Russias, and Americas-not to exclude anything from Europe and Africa, mind you-all our various worlds, and even that of Pangea, so we're well beyond the Grand Canyon by that point, or this point, in terms of scale, and do remember folks, this is the ass crack where the many big bangs are all always a-happenin', way out there, somewhere in lands that are both very, very far away, and very, very long ago, and they're still happenin', and which still haven't even happened in, and are even yet to have happened in, and they're also still happenin', and if you listen, if you sit really, really still and stay really, really quiet, and you put your ear as close to the ground as you possibly can, you can hear them breathin', like a heart that's beatin', even when it's not fib-o-beatin' anymore, John Henry's hammer, John Henry's hammer, John Henry's hammer, galore. And would-ya-look at that! I haven't even lit my cigar? You gotta light?"