Aeriol's cigar ignites on its own, all alone, without a flame or match, and Arieol takes in a deep, creamy, golden puff pushing out the plumes of smoke from their nose like a fire-breathing dragon.

They cough.

The smell of engine oil and dry desert air fills your nostrils.

"Am I showing off too much? And probably not even successfully at that. Let's get back to it. We were talking about dialogue weren't we? Were we? I'd say we were. We were also talking about linearity, or lack thereof. You know, that's my issue with a term such as Postmodernism, Glyph, it's a very western idea, and not in a good way. What is the "west" after all? Is it my west or your west? Cause it's your west, then it's my east, isn't it? Or vica versa? It automatically assumes a linearity, a cause and effect, that it's a place and time where we are, or have been, or will be, one that comes after a modern period, but why the need to be so damn linear all the time? Linearity has nothing to do with reality, Glyph! This is Gibstory we're talking about here. Wouldn't it be more accurate of a term to call it Pre-During-and-After-Modernism? Maybe we'll later realize modernism itself hasn't even occurred yet, or maybe we've even forgotten it occurred. Maybe it's been lost forever-they probably don't call 'em the lost generation for nothin'-but then again, if it was ever truly lost forever, then wouldn't we not even perceive its absence? If so, what do we even call it then? Probably wouldn't have a name for it, and we'd invent one. Was it always just a hallucination? It seems to me that that's a much more accurate and strange characterization of our reality, if it can even be called such a thing, and isn't that what such overarching Gibstorial labels are for, to provide a name, a word, a label, a description for reality, and to maintain it as falsely objective?"