He's shaking again, all that calm clarity disappearing from him, as Arieol continues, yet again.

"Or maybe we don't need a collective project. Everybody's always so concerned about cultural division, but isn't that what cells do when they're experiencing a form of growth? There was even an article about it in Fib-o-Nachi Magazine, for Gibsey's sake! Everything's a body, Glyph. Everything. And body's have life-spans. They're organisms, organizations, they grow and wither and die. Gibsey may cloister himself (and itself) in delusion and subsume all of civilization within himself (or itself) in the process, all to avoid this, but it's going to happen eventually, but also, to hide from it is even more absurd because it ignores the other reality (ha!), that contained within the body, within all bodies, is also something even stranger than death, and much more powerful than an escape from it, something which also can't be escaped from. The vinyl crackles. The VHS fuzz sparkles on the thick bubble-glass screens like snow. It all has a mind of its own, Glyph. Words become flesh. You've seen such things happen, in medias res, haven't you? Wasn't that your mystical vision, your gift, your curse? Depending on your POV, of course. Objects are the Watchers, and words are the Niphilim, and vica-versa. All are fallen angels cursed to wander the earth waiting for their promised land to come, forgetting all the while that paradise has already always been there, all the while, that it never departed, and that it continues to exist through our striving to create the paradises we desire to wander through."