An Unexpected Disappearance is a strange work of genre fiction, a detective story of sorts which follows the character Glyph Marrow through an odyssey that's set within-or maybe it would be better to say that exists alongside-the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride. How many of you have read it? I see. A few of you.

It uses a few common devices which I'm sure you've encountered in other similar Gibstorical novels: unreliable narrators, monologue and dialogue, inciting incidents, among others. Glyph, for example, struggles with what he describes as an "ailment" an idea which I wish we had more time to discuss the implications of. However, I will say, I'm not not much of an English teacher, and can probably fare much better as your Gibstory professor, after all. Either way, as an unreliable narrator and character, Glyph, like many of us, is barely holding it together and for most of the novel, if not all of it. Throughout most scenes, he can hardly function due to how overwhelmed he becomes with nearly everything he witnesses around him. The entire book takes place on the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad ride, just about, and in the 3rd chapter, Glyph has just met a new character who's begun to talk with him, Arieol Owlist, and he's barely able to handle the experience. After a bit of a breakdown at the end of Chapter 3, Arieol who-not unlike what I want to do within this course-was chattering away at Glyph, suddenly disappears, one of many disappearances and sudden shifts which occur throughout the novel.

And this is a situation which devastates Glyph.