He realizes the extent of his isolation, and because of this, at the beginning of Chapter 5-which is serendipitously, for our purposes, titled The Flooded Town-he's filled with complete and total regret at the fear and anxiety which he realizes may have sabotaged any possible connection he could have had with Arieol. It's not that Glyph believes he's caused Arieol's sudden disappearance, it's knowing that his fear has caused him to place himself at a distance from Arieol for the majority of the previous scenes. With Arieol gone, he feels he's missed out on the only possibility at connection he may have ever been given within his life. Glyph is an exceptionally isolated character, and I'm mentioning the context of this scene which occurs right before the plunge of the cart after The First Ascent because, as I'm sure you know, this is the section of the ride we will be discussing today, the section right after The First Ascent, the Flooded Town of Rainbow Revene. Now, novels may not be the popular form that they used to be, but it still isn't common that we find Gibstorical detail of a ride incorporated in this exact way, and I did want to ask you some questions about this choice. Whether or not we've read the novel, I do think that context could provide an opportunity for discussion, especially with this being a contemporary novel. Why do you think this is what occurs right before the cart enters the Flooded Town section of the ride? Any ideas? I know you may not have read the book, but I was hoping with some context that you'd be able to--

Yes, go ahead.

OK, OK. The flood of the town is a reflection of his emotional state? OK, yes, a sound idea. Any other ideas?