Oh, yes, Utah was important to the ride, at least in the Gibseyland version, but I will say they're all blended together now. An Unexpected Disappearance is always messing around with that idea, taking elements from all of them. It's why we need Gibstorians to enforce that separation, otherwise it would all be blended together, all on its own.

Diaspora.

Oh, wow. Yes, oh yes, that's very interesting, I hadn't even thought about that.

So, in case you didn't hear, they were linking the architecture of the Gibseyland version of the ride-which is fine for us to talk about, like I said, they sort of blend together in so many of the different versions of the ride into one. That's what infinity does to your psyche, and the novel does incorporate that into its structure-being based on the hoodoos of Bryce Canyon National Park in Utah-though also, the Gibsey World version does also pull from Monument Valley, as well, which is in Utah, and they were linking that idea with the connection between Gibseyan Mysticism and Mormonism, very interesting. They certainly are both deeply American religions, aren't they? Well, and isn't that a part of the ride, as well, the concept of mining for Gold, Mormonism and hunting for treasure of some kind are linked, right? Yes, the golden plates. Oh, and there's the colonialism aspect again, as well. Couldn't we say that Gibseyan Mysticism colonized Mormonism in the same way that Gibsey World colonized all of civilization? Well and that's what makes them both so American, Gibsey World as well, and the ride. American Gibstory is a Gibstory of appropriation and exploitation, yes. Good point.