Since Gibsey World is constantly in a state of change, some symbolic images (and rides) have been discontinued and others are newly introduced (at least newly introduced relative to their original introductory period), and these defunct and unused symbols have been collected together into what is referred to as The Dead Corpus. In addition to this, each image of The Corpus also contains within itself an unspoken opposite aspect, which represents the negative space of the text's imagery and symbolism. The symbols of this negative space are not ever actually drawn themselves or written about within the literature of The Corpus but are instead created in the spaces between the symbols of The Corpus's images. This negative space is seen universally, by both conservative and radical adherents of Gibseyan mysticism, as an essential part of the creation and maintenance of each symbol's meaning, and therefore, the meaning of The Corpus as a whole. However, even more mystically radical purveyors of The Corpus interpret and bring to light these negative spaces by writing about and therefore establishing their otherwise unspoken meanings. This interpretive tendency is often frowned upon as speculative and overly subjective by more conservative adherents of The Corpus. Collectively, the 16 symbols themselves are never changed, but how they are arranged, how they connect, and how they are interpreted (as well as whether or not they are discontinued, or what is called being made "dead"), are each always undergoing a form of transformative alchemical movement. Despite this, once declared Dead by what is referred to as the Special Order, a symbol is then forever declared as being Dead forever, and as a symbol, it doesn't change shape or form but instead remains forever condemned to the Dead Corpus, the text that remains unwritten for the more conservative adherents of The Corpus.