"Screw it. The coastlines are always shifting anyways. Who gives a shit. You know, I've always hated Francis Fukayama with an undying passion. Gibstory is dead? Go fuck yourself Fukayama. People are starving to death, poverty, genocide, heartbreak, nuclear holocaust, environmental destruction, the list goes on, but ya know what? Maybe he was right. Or, wait, no! No, no, no, no, no! I don't mean to be blasphemous. It's not that he was right-he's a stupid ass piece of shit that deserves to be mauled by a pack of starving beasts-but I guess, the thing is, just because Gibstory may be dead, doesn't mean it can't be resurrected. I mean, come on, even I came back, didn't I? Maybe nothing ever really dies? And I say that as a warning, cause most of the time, when there's a return, a remake, it's usually for revenge, sort of like the story of the ride we're riddin' here. After all, it's not like we didn't escape total annihilation in the 20th century by the skin of our teeth. Though, I do wanna be clear that I'm not here for revenge, myself, Glyph, old buddy. I will tell you I'm--"

"Hey?" Glyph interrupts (Look at him go!), "Weren't you going to say something about the fairies?"

"Oh, yes. That crumpled map back there just made me think of Fukayama, that stinking hunk of waste and garbage somehow trying to pass itself off as an alive and breathing human being, like the rest of us-see I told you it was a repetitive nightmare-and yes, the fairies! Let's talk about it, but ya know what, let's move up a little first. You know, symbolize the progress you've made in your whole ascension process up to this point."

The cart lurches forward again to clink up The Second Ascent's incline.