Glyph continues, "I mean that the entity is all consuming. It consumes us all, and we consume it. It colonizes us through naturalization. It was never normal. It was always strange and alien and inhuman. And yet, it's invaded us and we've never even noticed its invasion. Or most of us haven't, anyway. It makes it more and more difficult to create worlds for ourselves every single day. And it hasn't just invaded reality, Arieol. It's invaded our imagination. And this is a war. This is a battle. If I'm a detective, I'm not a PI. I'm a fucking ADD agent, but my handler isn't the agency, it's the imagination itself. And it's been colonized, slaughtered, its people are the natives of this land, the Cathers, all that are cursed to wander. It's been relegated to a very small reservation, maybe even one that isn't even visible any longer within a spectrum available to the human eye. And this being, this entity, which has decimated it, well, it's flat out enormous. But we're still clinging to life, despite it, Arieol. There's still some hope left. We must thrust it on our backs, and carry it through town to a physician before it's too late. Whatever we have to do to revive it. CPR, spells, rituals, fictional means of resurrection, creation myths, any of it, all of it. It cannot be left to be the only thing that commodifies and materializes the meaning of our lives. We must create meaning for ourselves. What I'm saying is to chatter away. Chaterer away. Talk about whatever it is that you want to talk about. As long as you're the one that's creating, that's all that matters."