"I can hear many things, all at once, maybe all things, at once. I hear the sound of housewives sleep-talking themselves out of their own nightmares. I hear the metallic screech of steel against steel, wailing animal rhythms, polyphonically inhibited, the rhythmic pulse of a single katydid stretching its violin limbs against the string of itself. I can hear the thoughts of a crazed Imaginator, and they're somewhere out there, I can hear them, this disavowed inventor. I can hear the sound of their sweat as it's dripping, the totality of their confusion. They've been up for days, so slovenly and unkempt, eyes twitching, flirting with a whole address book's worth of breakthroughs, many of them conflicting with each other, like freeway lanes, streaks of yellow paint peeling down the lines of the highway systems like the terror of earth, their ultimate breakthrough being a device they can use to hear their own thoughts before they materialize, deep down, below their skull, before their thoughts crystalize and emerge fully formed, and I can hear those thoughts, as well, can hear them as they're taking their shapes, primordial, into triangular rushes of various shades, purples, indigoed-oranges and blues, their static dispersing, ripening, rippling, like migrating birds, blurring into the sounds of the individual strands of the bone-white disheveled hairs mopped atop the sun-spotted scalp of this troubled Imaginator, swaying on their skull like weeds in the wind. I can hear the dull clank of this Imaginator's loosely screwed spectacles that topple from their face while they lean over the console of their invention, trying to listen to themselves, to their thoughts, to the sound of their thoughts, these sounds blasting in through the dizzying streets, their drool hanging slack, like a chipped tooth strung on a clothesline, electric, streaming, burning light, like the disconcerting smell of singed hair follicles, unraveling, like a singular point, as they anticipate their own desires to come, in the hearing of it all, coming in through every gap in the system, a system of slant-framed orifices, vibrating matter, clinging like prey soon to be snuffed out, and my ear drum almost bursts with the sound of it, all those sounds, filling with water, whole containers full, filling like buckets of blood pushing against the layers inteded to protecct me, overloaded, rust colored, sloshing over the sides, out over the flaking skin, the sound of the grime shimmering in the spotlit dark, the sound of imagined solar flares recorded on micro-film processors to be slowed down, stowed away and forgotten, collecting dust in the foothills, underground, while the dull, predictable oceans of ooze crust into brittle crystals, above, infected, like twins, like pairs of ears, and that's it. That's all! That's all that I'm hearing! Or what I heard and am still hearing. And I hear it all at once, or at least a part of the entirety of which these sounds represent. These are the sounds of a body in motion. Form animated. I dance. I am dancing. Watch me."