D.A.D.D.Y.S-H.A.R.D #33: Daily Agency of Data and Detection Yearly Summary- Hierarchical Analysis Report Document #33 Information and/or Data Scientist/Analyst Under Review: Jack Parlance The Author of Analysis Document: Jacklyn Variance Date of Entry: Unprovided/Withheld/Redacted Text(s) in Question: The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, An Unexpected Disappearance, An Expected Appearance, Various Untitled Selections, Jack Parlance Who Misses His Family, and The Biggest Shit of All Time Report Code: X293-476-8923F

The document(s) currently under analysis are a set of textual materials both found and likely written within the compound's underground tunnels titled, The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey and considers Jack Parlance as a possible subversive agent, as well as a possible author of both texts. Funding for this project is meager, and the personnel assigned to this analytical task is that of a singular individual, so the specific purpose of the current analysis has yet to be established by any authority at the present moment. As a result, the analysis of the documents in question will likely lack the depth, clarity, or rigor required to evaluate a series of texts of this specific length and kind. However, upon an initial evaluation of the text(s) in question, it is clear that the text itself does contain a certain amount of mystery and intrigue. The preliminary area of analysis which has left a mysterious impression on the current evaluator is the undecidability of whether or not The Wonderful Worlds of Gibsey, as a series of collective documents, were initially created as a work of fiction or were instead created as a set of works intended to document a contemporary reality. At the present moment, the sections that are under evaluation do not provide enough substantial evidence to reach a definitive conclusion regarding the work's fictive or realistic inceptions. However, the process of analysis regarding this set of documents has just begun, and there will likely be many future reports regarding this specific area of inquiry. As the analysis proceeds, a suggested mode of operational procedure for future analysts could involve evaluations that consider both possibilities simultaneously. This form of analysis is most highly suggested for future evaluators pursuing further analysis, either in response to this individual Analysis Document or other documents later to be written.