In mentioning this, the current elevator implores other Data and Information Researchers, Scientists, and Analysts who may or may not come across the current evaluator's Daily Corporate Analysis Reports to keep the transparency of the aforementioned bias-the fact of contemplating life in the underground complex of the current M.A.S.S.-in mind regarding future evaluations of this document and other documents like it. Admittedly, the current subject being evaluated as a possible subversive individual is one who has been forced to live underground for the entirety of their lives. They have never left the park's underground passages due to Corporate Regulations against such possible actions. The evaluator in question, however, has the privilege of operating aboveground, and therefore, could be biased against the contrasting common background, context, and personal bias of someone living below ground. Because of this, it is important to note that no Anti-Corporate or Anti-State tendencies have thus far been located or documented within the record of the current evaluator, Jacklyn Variance, who is writing this document of analysis. The current evaluator mentions this because they would very much like to keep their record clear and blameless in this exact way despite the content of the documents they will be analyzing. Others who will evaluate this Analysis Document in the future should not interpret the Anti-State and Anti-Corporate implications that the evaluator eventually finds and analyzes in the documents of The Wonderful World of Gibsy, An Unexpected Disappearance, An Expected Appearance, Jack Parlance Who Misses His Family, or the Biggest Shit of All Time as reflective of the social or political views of the current evaluator. These should instead be a reflection of the views of the unknown author who should, hopefully, be more clearly identified in future documents as data about the work in question is further organized, revealed, and analyzed.