"Work-life-balance" was the name for such an acidic idea, and it could easily be found repeating itself incessantly within the idiolectic matrix of many of the agency's quotidian and continuous training modules, and the achievement of such a balance was never the agency's responsibility. Of course not. How could it be? A.D.D. didn't have agency? It was its agents themselves which had agency, or they at least had enough agency that it was their responsibility to achieve such a balance. It was their own personal and individuated struggle to achieve this balance, a responsibility which proved they had agency to begin with, didn't it? And this meant, just like the job itself-his job being like so many if not all of the others-meant that one could only achieve such a balance if one was to observe rather than to confront, to maintain order rather than to subvert, to remain professional and never personal, to strive for happiness and never its alternative, despite any and all problems or symptoms which may present themselves, no matter what they may or may not be, and of course, none of this had (or continues to have) anything to do with the maintenance and power (or the maintenance of power) of the agency itself (meaning A.D.D. as agency, not Parlance's own; Parlance hardly had, or hardly has, any agency at all in the matter, as any observer could easily tell), and I, Jacklyn Variance, as the observer of this collection of data and an ADD agent myself, do find it essential, however discouraged it may within A.D.D. protocal, to insert myself here (with the purpose of long-term objectivity) in order to note that none of these observations are being made as intending to suggest anything negative or critical of the agency itself (meaning A.D.D.), whatsoever. None of what has been written, either within this document or within future documents, is intended sarcastically or flippantly in anyway, and therefore, I am trying, by saying so, to make my intentions clear that I am not in any way attempting to insert any sort of subversive actions into this analytic document pertaining to my current subject, Jack Parlance, and I am instead observing his capacity for subversive action, or his much more preferable lack thereof, if any is at all even possible.