But he also knew how powerful it would be for whatever story he told to include the bonds of his family, details which would be the heart of the story of whatever game he'd later create: how his mother would often sing them awake in the mornings (and how classically Gibseyan was that?), the sound of his father's laugh, a laugh which happened often, the way it revved up and ignited like a lawn mower engine being pulled into life, their liveliness, or their strangeness, their relationship to time, which he'd first fully noticed when they'd shown some videos they'd kept of their lives before having children, before the fall, on VHS tapes, together, early in their marriage, before the weariness of responsibility had taken hold, and these images had transfixed him. He could watch them forever, he felt, even at such a young age, because they were a record of their now dead youthfulness, their newness, a youthfulness he'd never ever seen within them before, that he'd never been given the chance to see, yet here it was, with all the dotted grain and nostalgia of its context along with it, the color palette of the past itself seeming different than his present, and it was a past that could never be recreated. Its colors were a set of colors, a series of colors, that radiated with a now faded authenticity, as did his parents, and his grandparents, and their friends that came in and out of the various ever-changing shots and locations, friends of theirs, most of whom he'd never met, which his parents had even commented on upon first showing the old footage to him-he doesn't remember if the video images had been digital or physical, he grew up in a period between material and digital forms (or spiritual? Wait, did this mean that digitization was a spiritualization, a theater, a haunting, like the images that had transfixed him also were?)- saying things like, "That's Sammy. God, we haven't spoken to him in years," "Ah, Melinda, what a sweet girl. I wonder whatever happened to her?" Or, "Oh, look, that's Ben Kneeman. He was very close with your grandfather," none of which he'd had any context for, but it was the lack of context, the fact that they'd existed well before him, without him and his siblings, as their only context, this was what had ignited him with hope and revelation. He didn't feel jealous or insecure finding this record of their life without him. If anything, it made him feel more connected to them.