And you can tell he's pissed I'm there, sweat dripping, ears turning red with those dangling Howl's Moving Castle earrings of his-a Gibsyan classic if you ask me-and you have to wonder, are those the authentic earrings from the set of the live-action adaptation of Howl or did he actually purchase them? You never know in my business with so many obsessive types. We all adore the movies, don't we? Why else would we have gotten into this business? But Scrillio, pretentious ass that he is, seems to think he's got some kind of special love for it, that he's the only lover of the movies we've got left, like it's a monogamous relationship or something, as if that could ever happen with the polymorphous variance that is the movies. Why else do you think when a camera moves left or right that we call it a pan?

The trade papers just had to go and fuck with his head and publish all those headlines when his third movie came out. "The Last Auteur," my ass. How many times do I have to remind people that this company is practically bursting with artistic talent? Always has been. We always pick the best, and honestly, what do directors even do, anyway, but order around other people with more technical knowledge than themselves? Mini-CEOs in the making if you ask me, except without the same authority and vision, without the same self-delusion to sculpt actual physical worlds into everyday reality. The worlds they create, those are the truly artificial ones. They're the ones that are creating adaptations of the more original creations developed by men and women of my quality and stock.

Talk about true lovers of the movies.