And day before last, during lunch, a PA heard him weeping, quietly weeping, by himself, behind a curtain, and earlier in the morning, a sound technician heard him angrily punching dents into the restroom walls. They're all getting very concerned about him. You can tell just by being there, being on set, that the crew and the cast members are worried, but they're all keeping real quiet about it, not saying anything to each other, keeping it all hush-hush, and especially out of the media.

They're worried.

They're really fucking worried.

And no one knows what to do or say about it, and so that's why they call me on set with that book still under my arm. Oh, and I guess I've mentioned this book once already, so I can go ahead and give you some context. The studio's thinking about adapting it, that book I'm carrying with me. An Unexpected Disappearance is what it's called. It's a pretty well reviewed detective novel from what I understand. It's not important for me to go into detail right now. I don't think it's necessary for the script, but who knows, maybe it'll become necessary later? I can get into it later, but, well, I don't know if it's my thing, honestly, the book, I mean. It's too experimental for my taste. The main character's one of those deeply flawed characters, mentally speaking, and so the narrative's all over the place regarding the structure, the POV--not my sort of thing in the slightest-and I'm sure you know how that's such a popular trope these days-that sort of constantly moving, attention-deficit-disorder-type narrative-structure that never stays in one place at one time, that's always changing that's very episodic, that sort of thing. And I get it, I get the appeal. It's just not my taste. But you're a CEO or whether you're the last auteur, you've got to go with what it is that people want, and so I have to read it and understand what makes it appealing, at least partially, even if it just isn't my thing, and from what I can tell, I think it's supposed to reflect how our brains work, maybe, or something about our civilization, about ADD, about intelligence, and I mean, with the audience's attention spans these days, it's not exactly unrealistic.