Are you a chess player at all, Arieol? It's sort of like that moment in a chess game where you realize you might be in check, but your opponent hasn't said anything yet, and you're sitting there waiting, asking yourself whether it's check or checkmate, knowing you don't get to decide which one it is. It's that space between space, being in that moment. It's liminal. You scramble. Your eyes dart all over the board. And you ask yourself, what could you have done to prevent this? Was it inevitable? And what do you do now that the move's been made? You scroll through your various options. Your heart pumps blood. You twitch.

The number one thing I want to avoid is a long argument with Scrillio. Especially after his most recent film, that massive flop, that box-office travesty, The Tempestuous Storm. God, the arguments we had over that one. And don't get me wrong. Like I've said, I'll say it wasn't his fault, it being made during a time of such social and political upheaval, the famines, the diseases, the ecological disasters, the evacuations, the violence. It wasn't his fault what happened during the production and reception process of that film, but it's best not to have him be aware of that fact. His ignorance, or maybe you call it his innocence, it must be maintained. It must be restored, continually. It's better to keep pushing him. I have to keep pushing him, punishing him. I've got to. With how difficult it is then, with the difficulty of dealing with him, and the pressure getting even worse now, the thing is, he needs that pressure, and so does the budget, the lowering of the budget especially. I realize I'm just going to have to go for it.

And this is just one day of shooting, mind you.

The film isn't even close to being over.