Hello. Welcome to my course, An Introduction to Gibseyan Mysticism. I'd like to mention, from the start of this lecture, that this is a popular course. I admit, from the start, it may be strange for me to mention this course's popularity. It may also be strange to admit that we will be drawing heavily from my most famous book, Gibseyan Mysticism and Its Symbolism, which is also the name of this course. Now, I don't mention this course's popularity and the title of this book to brag about my book's success, or I at least don't intend to do so. Instead, in mentioning this, I'm attempting to begin by pointing out an irony, and a rather profound one, one that can be seen both within this course and within this book's popularity, this irony being that mystical traditions such as the Gibseyan Mystical tradition, the tradition with which I will be introducing you to today within this introductory course, as well as within the next series of lectures, that these traditions are not popularly practiced. It may be popular to read about, yes, and even popularly discussed. Much of its content is even spreading all over the place both in person and online, across various platforms, at a near constant, even arguably exponential rate. And yet, it's so seldom practiced in daily life by so few of us. It's certainly not often reported as being regularly practiced.

Which leads to a final irony, before I begin, a conflict, the idea that to speak about such subjects is to negate their purpose, that upon speaking, that I have already entered into a kind of illusion. I have created a theme park, so to speak. A theme park is not the real world. Rather, it is the reflection of the real world, one which is within our current world. This is an idea which is easy to forget. Even within own current world, our current system, where a theme park has replaced the world entirely, where our entire world, the spaces we roam, traverse, live, eat, and sleep, be them the liminal, sub-liminal, or everyday spaces which we inhabit, each of them, all of them, have been transformed into theme park locales that are building and rebuilding themselves, endlessly. We have become translations of theme parks, adaptations of theme parks. We have been subsumed into a corporate entity. We have become monopolized into a single harrowing mass, but even despite this, even despite this context of each of our lives, the irony I will begin with, within this course, or which I will end this introduction to the course with--is that even that world of which I speak, which I refer to, is not the real world. And even what I speak of now, what I am currently saying to all of you, is not the real world. I may never, ever be able to speak, within any of my lectures, of any sort of real world.