I'd like to read a passage from the book I mentioned earlier, and I admit now-do be prepared-this is a book which I may draw from on occasion, if it isn't too arrogant for me to do so, or if it is arrogant to do so, if you can please forgive me for doing so: "Whatever is real may, in fact, never be spoken of. The true mystical experience is not one which can ever be truly repeated or recorded but can only be referred to, inferred, or experienced." This lecture therefore, what I've titled, The Contradictions of the Mystical Gibseyan Experience, should not be taken as a direct glimpse into mystical experience itself. This lecture isn't even a report of a mystical experience. It is this and only this: it is a set of data, a series of codes, on and off switches, a Gibstory, a map of a theme park, a map that you, yourself-should you choose to break out of the traditions many of your peers have chosen to trap themselves within-will set you on a mythical and mystical traversal. It is a map that you yourself will have to experience subjectively upon learning of or viewing the data which I will present to you today.

And one last comment before I continue, being a new teacher with you today, after all, I want to mention a motto of mine, a mantra of sorts, one last reminder, my true last ironic reminder, and the ultimate reminder. It is a motto I've stolen, or maybe it would be better to say I've adapted, from a previous professor of my own. "There is nothing I can teach you that you don't already know."

And so with this said, and upon mentioning this motto of mine, or of my previous professor's, let's see what you already know, shall we?