A Gibseyan Mystic is a person who has been chosen, arbitrarily, and who has been favored with an immediate, and to them, real experience of Gibsey, or of ultimate reality, or they can simply be someone who strives to attain such an experience. And this is an experience that knows no limits. It can occur instantaneously, or it can stretch on for what feels like an eternity. From a Gibstorial point of view, the mystical quest for Gibseyan knowledge takes place within a prescribed tradition, and what this means is that Gibseyan Mysticism, however revolutionary, has been practiced within the grounded experiences of a Gibstorical community, established long before the mystic has discovered what they believe they have discovered within their mystical experiences. This has been recognized by this community of mystics for generations upon generations.

What this means is that however strange, or surreal, or even problematic a mystic's revelations may be, this mystic operates within the context of such traditional authorities. There have surely been mystics and those who have experienced revelatory mystical Gibseyan truths that have been forgotten forever, or who have not spoken, recorded, or shared their experiences. But I will not be concerned with these forms of esoterica. We will instead be concerned with the revelatory experiences which have entered into the communicative realm, the mystics who have attempted to communicate their revelations, and the symbols of their revelations, to another.