Operational Reforms

-AI Utilization Overhaul: We will reassess our strategy regarding AI-generated content. This includes a thorough audit of the AI systems to ensure ethical standards and originality in content creation. Additionally, although our subsidiary may also have to unfortunately consider returning to the paying of advances and royalties (an interesting word, no?) to the human authors whom we may now have to hire or re-hire to write for our own publications. As AI-themed and AI-created narratives and publications increase, we hope to have these human authors pose as AI chatbot content creators in order to increase their sales and financial solvency.

-Transparency in AI Contribution: Future publications involving AI assistance will be seemingly transparently acknowledged, maintaining the integrity of authorship and intellectual property rights, though Perdition Books, The Debtor, does maintain the right to mess around with these self-imposed limitations as the subsidiary sees fit. After all, as any corporate entity knows, if you can get your audience to think you're being transparent, that's almost always better than the real thing.

-Enhanced Editorial Oversight: Strengthening our editorial team to ensure high-quality, diverse, and engaging content, irrespective of the source, is an essential change we must implement. The previous editors of the subsidiary have also been fired and pinkertons working for A.D.D. will be hired to (in the most egregious cases) murder them, harass their families, and hopefully-if done correctly-make most of them lose track of reality itself and go slowly insane, all for failing our subsidiary so intensely, and leading to this unfortunate filing for bankruptcy to begin with.