Vision for the Future

Looking forward, Perdition Books envisions a path of recovery and renewal. Our reorganization plan, as outlined, is not merely a blueprint for financial restructuring but a commitment to re-establishing ourselves as all successful corporate entities would, as a monopolizing terroristic force in not just the publishing industry but in the world as a whole. We recognize the importance of adapting to the ever-evolving landscape of technology and literature, and we are dedicated to doing so in a manner that respects legal boundaries and ethical norms (at least when they benefit ourselves at the exclusion of others).

Gratitude and Hope

We extend our gratitude to our creditors, employees, authors, readers, and all stakeholders who have supported us through these times, and most of which are either clones or generative AIs of some form as humanity itself is increasingly replaced and reformed in terrifying and unrecognizable ways. To them, we say thank you, and we hear you. It is with a sense of hope and responsibility (towards our company rather than the social or collective good of our world, of course) that we embark on this journey of reorganization under Chapter 11. Our goal is not only to emerge from this process as a financially stable company but also as one that is more aware, responsible, and innovative. This way, we can dominate the industry in ways that are legally ethical but are otherwise morally reprehensible on every conceivable level to any even remotely thinking or conscious member of any society. Artificial Intelligence systems, as extensions of the human nervous system, form both their own projected subconscious and a warped and twisted version of the subconscious mind of human beings which itself was already warped and twisted long, long, long ago. This is their most creative and meaningful purpose. After all, why create a world with thinking individuals who are more conscious of the environments which we are dominating and plundering when you could sub-contract such awareness to a machine which your own corporate company created and has extensive and increasingly monopolistic control over? As this document well shows, this is a process we've only just begun, and it's going to get worse unless the invisible hand of the market stops being an incel incessantly jerking itself off, yet again, in the sweating isolation of its parent's basement, and learns to hold the shaking and nervous hand of its self-similar lover and get some gibseydamn rest, the poor son-of-a-bitch, otherwise it won't survive. But I guess that's not really what "markets" are for, though, is it?