Why was he even considering this event, he wondered, when he hadn't even coded more than a skeleton of the game itself? Gameplay loops hadn't even started to form, let alone specific story content. Was this all a guilty pleasure, or was it procrastination from the work he instead needed to complete, a distraction from the fundamentals he should be laying down for his audience of future gamers which he dreaded for some unknown reason?

What haunted Jack wasn't the shit itself, the size, the weight, the gravity, its refusal to be destroyed like all the others, the thousands of shits being slung down the many rivers of sewage flowing across the Gibseyan landscape, every single day--he wasn't even haunted by the many questions that the shit itself forced one to confront (Who could have even produced such a thing? Or was it even produced by someone at all? Had someone smuggled it in as a prank somehow? If so, why?). What haunted Jack was the eternal inability of sharing the experience, the clarity and unchangeable alienation of the intimacy of his newly received knowledge. No one would or could even know what had happened, even if he tried to explain it to them. What was he going to do, ask someone at work, risking either deadly embarrassment for himself or another person? And even if he did tell a friend, would they also be the one cackling late into the night about this secret mass that somehow found itself in the office restroom, like he was, if they themselves weren't the one who'd originally experienced it?