"Well, you're certainly not a talkative fellow. You know, Manny himself created a character whose own reactions were quite similar. This was a mystical detective novella which he originally authored. An Unexpected Disappearance, I believe was the name. You may have come across a draft of it in your organizing. I believe Glyph Marrow was the name of that character. Yes, most certainly. It was a Glyph Marrow Mystery, after all, the first in a series of such novellas, a whole franchise. in fact. Have you come across them somewhere in that abyss of paper you seem to be organizing? Be warned, they say it stares back! That was always such a curious phrase to me. If you're already looking into the abyss, what would be so terrifying to have it stare back? Sounds flat out vain if you ask me. What? Is the abyss not dainty or beautiful enough for you to look at?"

Phillip manages to stand but also feels put on the spot somewhat, even though he's familiar with the novel, he stops himself from making any more sounds, and his silence speaks volumes, or seems to anyway.

"Young man, I am not an abyss, last time I checked, so what is it with this look of struggling stupefaction etched across your face? I'm not looking for a non-fictional repetition of the Glyph Marrow situation here, thank you very much. I've read that work already, so do speak up! Inaction is a form of violence. Surely that theme has wandered across your eyeballs somewhere in one of those passages you've been organizing? Has it? Oh, but first. What's your name, again, darling? I keep forgetting."