"Ohhhhh, you're a detective? And a competent one at that! I can already tell. Quite unlike that Glyph Marrow character. I may have misjudged you Mr. Bafflemint! Oh, listen to me. I'm criticizing the vain, and here I am being vain myself! Well, vanity does that to us, doesn't it? Oh, how clever! And yes, you heard me correctly, I did contact the police to tell them about Manny's disappearance. I've been greatly concerned for his well being ever since he vanished. As you can tell, he hardly left the house. Wrote incessantly. Have the, um, random threads of his work started to form a collective whole yet? I feel it will be oh so important to find out what's happened to him. What would you say? Tell me, have you noticed anything in all these papers of his?"

Philip doesn't even know where to begin."Well, there's a lot to sort through. It's a little repetitive, but I suppose I need to see it all in full once I've collected it all together? I've noticed I-" He stops himself for a moment, realizing he's letting her ask him questions, and that as such, that she's taken control of their exchange. He continues to humor her a bit, realizing he'll have to search for an edge to break back in. "I've noticed at least what appears to be 16 major narratives, many of which are centered on Artificial Intelligence, though that doesn't seem to be the central subject as a whole, and may be a more secondary subject than I originally thought, but I can't quite tell just yet. Though it's been puzzling. Was this Valentinas character more of a religious or a scientific person? Where do you think he leaned toward the most, since you knew him, the subjective or the objective?"