She laughs, though again, the air does seem to have been taken out of her sails. Her voice seems depleted of the energy and vitality she first began the conversation with, almost sounding brittle now. He notices her voice crack a few times and wonders if she may be choking on her words, "I've often found that phrase to be amusing, Attention Deficit Disorder." She frowns, glitching, her mouth twitching, before shifting back into what she'd brought up. "Subject and Object, right? If we're talking about a kid with ADD and we think of them as a subject of the disorder, as being subjected to it, then the phrase would mean that they have trouble paying attention, that they struggle to stay focused, correct? And that's how it's typically thought of, as an internal experience, and so internally, subjectively, their attention would be thought of as being deficiently disordered, would it not? But what about if conceived of as an object? Well, then it would be an external problem rather than an internal one, wouldn't it? And what would the phrase then mean? How would it shift? It would mean that their life is deficiently disordered by attention, right? Attention would then be an external problem and not an inward one. It would no longer be one's responsibility. We all want to be seen and heard, don't we? So this would mean that a lack of external attention would be what's causing the problem. You see, I think of that disorder so differently now than I ever used to, at least ever since thinking of it this way. So many of us have it, supposedly. I think something like 50% of the population? That's an astronomical number of people. All those papers. All that content. Overload. It can feel like there's too much to take in, even for an astute professional such as yourself, I'm sure." Her words are the same, but she seems tired, weary, as if carrying these phrases on her back to reach some physician across town, "But darling, what if it wasn't that there was too much to take in. What if it was that we weren't being given enough attention? Maybe it's really about loneliness? Maybe the over-excitability, the distractibility, the lack of focus, the inattention, maybe it's because most of us, half of us even, weren't being focused on, weren't being given the attention that we needed. We're always taught to internalize our problems, to be the ones to take responsibility for them-but-but-"