"Darling, darling! Whatever is the matter? Disney isn't even alive! He's just like your Malt Gibsey! He's long since disappeared. Oh, Phillip, you poor, poor soul. You've misunderstood my meaning. I'm talking about power, about collectivity. You see, in corporate structures, a group acts as a singular whole. And what the Subversionists want is the exact opposite. Systems of self-organization, not forcing the singular individual to adapt to a collective, but the opposite. Gibsey World, authorities, Artificial Intelligences, corporate entities, capitalists, communists, these entities aren't alive. They're all dead because they don't walk and breathe. They don't defecate and procreate. And yet, they organize our worlds for us, and all without our willing participation. They're the dead animating the living. It's quite strange. They're often literally killing us and the possibilities of the worlds we could be creating for ourselves, every single day, all in the name of achieving their various forms of supposed efficiency. And don't you see, Mr. Bafflemint? When you self-organize, you're more likely to pay attention, because you're the one that's doing it. You're driving the car, not someone or something else. And you know what a deficit is, darling? It's a lack. What do you think? Where's all the excess going? Where's it escaping off to? I wonder if it could be causing some sort of internal effect of some kind? Or maybe an external one that's being mistaken as internal? Maybe externalities, or synchronicities, have been accruing, and we've just yet to see the connections."