It's interesting, this section of the park, in its planning stages, was originally going to be titled something to do with the Frontier, a concept that still remains tied to that area of the park, though maybe in more of a subconscious or backstage level since the designers eventually decided on Boundaryland. The name of that area of the park almost ironically conjures a limitlessness of boundaries. If it is a land of boundaries, then does it not suggest that they expand outward, manifest destiny style? Boundaryland doesn't sound like a land that enforces a single boundary, but that expands them. And if so, what would it have meant if the original title had been used, something like Frontier Plaza or Frontier Expanse or whatever was originally proposed at the time that eventually became Boundaryland? Would the idea of the Frontier then actually suggest a limitation? Did the word Frontier contain within itself, its own troubled and endless death?

But to connect back to what I was saying earlier, this area of the park did connect to concepts related to the American Frontier, specifically the romanticized exaggerations of the western Frontier that Gibsey itself had conjured through characters such as Davy Crockett, rugged individualists who traversed the wastelands of the American westward expanse, trailblazing their way through boundary-pushing adventures across the untamed plains of their wild, ever-expanding nation.

And in this way, the concept of the Frontier is an essential Gibseyan concept, one that can be seen in one of Gibsey's most classic promises that as long as there is still magic left in the world, the parks will never end.