Guests started the ride by boarding a 7-car mine train that exited from the storefronts of the desert mining town of Rainbow Revene. The mine trains themselves provided an ingenious exploration of Gibsey's relationship to realism, which as I'm sure you're well aware, is mostly non-existent. The scale of the trains aren't to the standard scale and instead provide a series of scales meant to create a state of immersion within their riders, essentially an emotive effect, rather than a realistic recreation. The trains themselves were not the steam trains either which they were meant to resemble and were instead electric trains, their batteries hidden in the front car near where the cast-member conductor sat.

This may be a bit of a digressive Gibstorical fact, but I find it an interesting point that the fork-lift batteries used to power these trains baffled engineers at the time. Typically, batteries of this kind needed to be replaced somewhere around a year after operation, and after 18 months, the manufacturer contacted Gibseyland, only to find out that the batteries were still going strong. After 2 ½ years, the manufacturer contacted the company to check on the batteries, assuming the company had gone with a different brand, but no, these same batteries were still being used and were functioning as well as they ever had. Even 3 years later, Gibsey had not needed any replacements to these batteries, a miracle which shocked the battery's manufacturer, who sent representatives to find out what magic Gibsey was conjuring to extend their life span at such great length. Sounds flat out Biblical, doesn't it? They found out that the ride operators had been trained to run the train cars until each battery's usage was all the way in the red zone, near the battery's total depletion. Then and only then could the battery be recharged. This meant that no deposits formed at the bottom of the batteries, which had essentially eliminated the degradation process entirely. Interesting, no? Shows how, even in its earliest days, Gibsey's obsession was an obsession with the extension of life, of energy. Gibsey World, and therefore Gibseyland, was always a battery, a landscape which generated and sustained various energetic principles, or maybe even which captured them, colonized them from their guests, and still does, still remains an extension of energy and life, if not a draining of it, which Malt promised would never accrue degradation, that it would go on forever, the end of Gistory, and as far as we can tell, like those batteries, it still has.