Fictional town fronts built entirely of wood housed the attraction and were later expanded out past the attraction itself to house various shops and dining locations in that area of Boundaryland. These town fronts were built to take advantage of forced perspective, a technique that uses optical illusion to make objects or scenes appear different in size, distance, or scale than they actually are. This technique was used in most of Gibseyland's structures, sculptures, and monuments, including what I'd referred to earlier, the trains of the Rainbow Revene Mine Train themselves. The wooden scaffolding of the buildings which were closer to the view of the guests were built at 5/8ths scale, but as they moved further up, their scales moved down from 5/8ths scale to half scale, even as far down as to 1/4th scale in the buildings furthest back, making any cast members moving through them look like giants in comparison, Angels of Death even, which was typically avoided of course. This provides another reminder among many that this land was always intended as a land of effects. It was not a land of truth or realism, and this connects to one of the key features of Gibseyan Mysticism which holds to similar ideas. It is the effects of things, not their root causes, which are most worth considering. This idea is not one embraced by those committed to mainstream Gibseyanity who would maybe even view such ideas as radical, and maybe even blasphemous if applied in many contexts. Many would likely even compare such ideas to the ravings of some mad trickster Gibsey here to pull the rug out from under us, and yet this concept of effect, of forced perspective, of optical manipulation, is the structure of our own Gibstory, and the way many of our landscapes were developed and intentionally constructed.

The mystics merely leave us to our own devices.