Similar to the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad, the ride began by exiting the station and entering a tunnel, The Tunnel, turning right out the tunnel to pass under a rock bridge to witness guests riding pack mules above. The trains then passed into the living desert, passing cacti, craggles of rock formations, tumbleweeds, as well what would later be designed into the ride, the sculptured animatronics of Markus Davies, the classic early Gibseyan animator and designer of many of the park's earliest and most iconic ride animatronic figurines and set pieces, most of these being repurposed animatronics from other areas of the park. Like any great Imaginator, Davies had a unique skill at being able to repurpose, you could even say re-appropriate, various artifacts, harnessing them for his own unique purposes, a form of boundary expansion, no?

The trains then passed through a long section that looped through a charming set of spinning rock formations (or really, more rock sculptures, forced perspective and all) before rounding the loop and spying a mine entrance ahead and a few scattered animatronic coyotes howling at the trains as they passed. I want to remind you that such devices were not common to attractions of the time period. For such a conservative organization, it has always been rather odd how obsessive Gibsey has also always been about modern technological advancements. It's a strange contradiction at the heart of their project, the old and the new. Electric trains are passing through a ghost town even in this early of an attraction, after all, and such connective repetitions are a little surreal, if you think about them.