Guests loved the ride, which inspired Malt to hire Markus Davies to expand its ornamentation upon the ride's success. Markus created new lands and scenery for the ride, and would play a role in influencing what would later be developed with the Even More Substantially Sizable Thunder Monument Railroad, for good or ill. Markus Davies was an expert of devices. Like the greatest artists and Imaginators, there was nothing he couldn't repurpose and contextually redesign. For example, an early portion of the ride had two simple animatronic foxes whose heads were swaying to and fro. In Davies' expansion of the ride, he repurposed these otherwise banal animatronic foxes, placing them closer to one another, and thus creating a comic scene where the foxes seemed locked in a disagreement of some kind, despite their initial separation.

Again, we have the shifting of perspective, the importance of the manipulation of context within the Gibseyan Mystical, one could even say magical, mindset, here exemplified by Davies.

One of the key new scenes featured in Davies' version that is later important to Thunder Monument was the Geyser section. The trains loop into a new scene where multi-color mud pots boil and sputter, rounding a bend past a series of geysers blasting water into the air-this time of a more natural and less artificially colored variety in comparison to the water features of the Caves-which themselves burst parallel to the Gibseyland mine train which pass the attraction, giving passerby a chance to wave at the other train car passing below them through the scene. This newer version of the attraction was given the title Mine Train Thru the Beauty and Power of Nature, an ironic title seeing how most of the ride's natural wonders were artificially constructed, the ride opening in June 1960.