This was one of Malt's own favorite attractions, always bringing guests to the ride. After Malt's martyrdom in the late 1960s, the company did struggle financially for a time-if you can believe it-relying on the parks for revenue. Thrill rides and roller coasters had become increasingly popular, leading Imaginators to consider whether adding a new thrill ride to the park could increase attendance and ticket sales.

This leads us to the important Imaginator of our Gibstory, Tobi Backstar. Through his childhood, Backstar would build amusement park rides, roller coasters, using models, presenting one of these to an early mentor as early as when he was 23 and clearly charming the pants off of them with his talent because he was hired on the spot. Gibsey likes to cling to such rags to riches tales within the Gibstory it tells itself to itself, though most of us doubt the truth of their commonality. Tobi Backstar eventually became the head Imaginator of Thunder Monument, but before we get to that, let me go back.

This is where we get to Markus Davies again, who actually served as Tobi's early mentor, by the way. Back in the 70s, Davies was hired to design ride and theme ideas for the Boundaryland area of the park. This was to be called the Western River Expansion and was to feature a water ride and dark ride of Davies' vision. Both involved tracks sneaking through formations that resemble the Grand Canyon and the great peaks of Utah. Sound familiar? Meanwhile, Tobi Backstar proposed a runaway mine train coaster to replace the Mine Train Thru the Beauty and Power of Nature ride, the ride that had been popularized and re-created by none other than Markus Davies, remember? And well, Tobi's idea was the one that got approval. It was the classic battle between the old and the new that's gone on about as long as any of us even have the conception to remember.