Ok, Ok, so it starts with this ruler named Abd al-Malik bin Marwan who's chatting it up with the great men of his empire, yep.

Their talk turns to the traditions of former nations, to Lord Solomon, David's son-got it, got it, OK, yep, that sounds familiar-about how he was such a badass, about how he was able to trap jinns in these copper vessels which he'd seal with lead-Ok, Ok, yep-and then this treasure seeker who has these books that've helped him find hordes of wealth hidden under the earth-hmmmm, that's an interesting detail-named Talib bin Sahl interrupts to tell this story about his grandfather who set sail, planning to make it to Sicily, but a contrary wind blows, sending him off course, and he reaches this great mountain and meets these black mountain people-hmmmm, another interesting detail-and their king is the only one who can speak the grandfather's language, and is a very gracious host, as well. The king  assures them of their safety-oooooh, their safety, there it is again, now that's an important detail!-and the king hosts them very graciously for three days. On the fourth day he brings them to this fisherman-hmmm feels interesting, as well, but he doesn't know why?--who pulls out this flask of lead from the water sealed with brass-alright, so it looks like we've got ourselves a jinn, again? Sounds familiar?-and this fisherman-Oh, wait, oh, he why he didn't think of this before? His name is Fishbone! So even he's connected to all this? How weird? Huh?-who brings it to land and breaks it open and out pours this blue smoke that transforms into a head as high a mountain-woah, again, very interesting-and yep, that means it's probably one of the jinn that Solomon cast into the sea in those vessels he locked up with lead, got it, that tracks-and so Talib bin Sahl sort of ends up saying something like, "Hey, keep in mind, fisherman do this sort of thing a lot. They cast their nets out and find these bottles and when the bottles are broken, these Jinn then pop out," and Abd al-Malik bin Marwan pipes back up and he's like, "Man, Solomon was such a badass wasn't he?" and then he's like "Hey! You know what? I wanna see some of those bottles myself! They're, like, these warnings for people who need a warning! That's nuts! You know what Talib? You should go on a journey to get them for me!"