And the company gets all freaked out, and they're about to run away, but Emir-sensitive badass that he is-is like, woah, Shayak, what is this thing? And the Shaykh is like, "Hell if I know!"

And so, like, damn even the Shayakh doesn't know?

And Emir's like, well ask! And the Shaykh's, like, too afraid to, and so Emir's like, don't be afraid, you gotta just do it. Come on, he's just different from you, don't judge-and that's true, but, like, Emir, why don't you ask?-and so the Shaykh does, and he's like, "What's your name?"

And it's like, "Ifrit of the Jinn." And the Shaykh asks, he's like, how did you come to be this way? And Ifrit's like, "I've been punished. I like, really fucked up, man." And he tells this super winding narrative that's super epic and fantasy-esque about how Ifrit was the guardian of this one idol that this really hot princess was super devoted to-and woah, interesting, his story seems to kind of match that tomb from Chapter 8 in An Unexpected Disappearance, weird?-how he had thousands of armies under his command and how they obeyed him-seriously, that's just like before, isn't it? He was wondering about the doubling and the repetition? That's so weird?-and how these thousands were all rebels against Solomon, and Ifrit's like, "I used to enter the belly of the idol." Wait, wait? What does that mean? And he continues, and he's the guardian of this idol so he forbids others from it-not really sure what that means? He's like a gatekeeper or something? Extra weird?--But this one King's daughter, she like, really loves this idol, and she's like, the most fair woman of her day and Solomon finds out about how hot she is-huh, there are definitely some connections here to the frame narrative, it sounds like-and contacts this King, who it sounds like owes him some money, and he's like, start smashing that idol cause your daughter is sexy as hell, and I only fuck with ladies who worship the one true God, or whatever-And oh, shit, that's right! Ifrit is the guardian of the idol, ah! He gets it. Dramatic tension. Nice-which makes this King mad as hell.